GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

TODO: 
1. create html routes: 
    GET /notes should return notes.html
    GET * should return index.html

2. create api routes:
    GET /api/notes should read db.json and return saved notes as JSON
    POST /api/notes should receive new note to save on request body, add to db.json, and return new note to client
        *Give each note a unique id when saved ("look into npm packages that could do this for you")*

3. (Bonus) delete fxnality:
    DELETE /api/notes/:id should receive query param containing id of note to delete
    (need to read db.json, remove note by specified id, rewrite notes to db.json)


2. populate notes page with existing notes in left column, empty text entry fields (title and note content) in right column
3. code save button to appear when text entered in both fields (require title and content)
4. save button to push content to db.json (write/append), read db.json, append to notes page (new note should appear at bottom by default?)
5. make existing notes clickable; when clicked, note title and content moves to right for editing? (upon clicking "write" button?)
6? write button on navbar makes note taking fields in right column appear? (unclear if write is always visible or only visible if user clicks existing note)